Instead of XML, and even just plain Java configuration,
we can utilize auto wiring in our code.
Auto wiring would still require us to have a bean
defined as our customer repository,
but we would then just mark the method in our service as being
auto wired with that bean. This is actually the methodology we
will use inside our application,
and it looks very similar to the Java configuration with a slight twist.
We define a bean as the customer repository, and then inside of our
application we mark the setter for auto wiring in the bean.
This also incorporates the use of a component scanner.
So instead of having everything all in one
configuration file in the individual services,
we can annotate and configure them as needed.
It does move some of your configuration code around,
but once you start using this approach, you'll find you generally like it a lot better.